What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	You get a new code repository that git will track.  You do it if you want to perform version control with git in the current directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is the place where I can select and place files that I want to add to version control, whereas the working directory contains both files I add to the staging area and those I am not yet ready to do so.  The value is that I can control which files I want to commit at a time.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	I can first add the files that I want in the one commit into the staging area.  Then I can perform diffs against the staging area, the working directory, and the previous commit to determine whether the change is what I want.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches would be helpful when I want to experiment with a code difference that I am not yet sure I want to commit while keeping the current code in working order.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams, or graphs, can show the path of commits to where I am from where we started.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	The two branches are combined so that there is reachability of each commit in each branch of the two branches.  The diagram shows that the new commit to merge them allows for this reachability down into each.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	The pros of Git automatic merging only when it can is ease of use of the git tools to do the easy job for me, while the cons are that sometimes I have to do it myself.  In that case though, its actually a good thing since if Git tried it it is stating to us not to do it right now.
